2018.07.16 Meeting Notes

Subject: 2018 Council of Berlin Retrospective Meeting 1

Attending in person: Greg, Ligi, Lane, Jamie

---

One big outcome from the Council is the organization of working groups

A ring is a working group

---

Ligi: use inline for notes instead of Google Docs

The wiki feature in GitHub can be sync'd locally using git

Jamie:
- create a repo for a wiki
- try keeping it open
- this is the "scrolls"

---

We need a long-term knowledge base

First items:
- 
- playbook to host -- see [Events-Playbook](Events-Playbook)
- list of circles

---

As people take on organizing, this is what you need to do


Stepping up to organize for the 2018 Council of Prague:
- Joseph in Prague

---

What can we do better:
- time keeping
- introductions, name tags

---

Eth Global

- soft start, talks throughout the day
- opening ceremony Fri 8pm
- Sat focused day
- Sun end a little bit early


Proposal:

first 2.5 days full Council
second 2.5 days, rings


---

We can develop scholarships
- how to manage this?
- BORIS: I don't think we should -- walk before we run -- can we ask ECF or EF to handle scholarships / travel bursaries (they should be called travel bursaries, that's what they are)
---

We had bad timing

- ECDC, then IC3
- we set the date too close
- "host organization" was miscommunicated

Better coordination w/ other groups 
- especially research

---

Around Devcon4:

- Web3 Foundation Eth Berlin
- Web3 Summit
- crypto anarchy institute

IMPORTANT: get this locked in

TO DO:
- get Devcon4 organizers to allow community people to attend 
- or get Devcon4 organizers to coordinate space for community
- reserve some rooms

---

We are favoring before Devcon4

We must get organized, and soon!

## Boris Notes

_I debriefed a bit further with Ligi and Greg in person on Tuesday, here are notes from them / further reflection. Some of this stuff is already making its way into Events Playbook_

Volunteers
-  we could have used a handful of volunteers to help run the space, otherwise the hosts (Ligi, Jamie, Boris) end up being choke points for pretty much everything
- reach out to local community / Host organization and make active call for volunteers
- they can be on half day rotations so they can also participate
- could have used people actively monitoring online participants, livestream, and so on

Website / what is the link / agenda
- the github pages website I made was superfluous
- it WAS useful to have one place to post little mini updates
- maybe have events.ethereum-magicians.org as a landing page where we can do little bloggy updates and also host landing pages for future councils, ring meetings, etc.
- don't need a repo per event
- do need one and only one place to funnel people for registration -- it can have all the calls to action in one spot and people get the feeling of knowing where all the info is
- I personally want to use a "real" registration system like Picatic; I'd love to experiment with Ethereum staking / registration but that's a nice to have

Sessions
- now that Rings are formed, thye
- still think Lightning Talks are useful as a way for people to do SHORT presentations -- we then have the artifact of both the presentation and video of the talk
- feedback so far is that having room for spontaneous / unconference track to exist is desired

Intro / convening
- name, your project / what you work on, where you're from, then "three tags" -- eg. Education, ERC1066, monkeys

Summer event will be special
- maybe a week / 5 days long
- will need long timeline
- Boris may be interested in helping with Summer events, because he likes wacky special events
- especially be sure to include researchers into this

Schedule ahead of Devcon4, maybe 3 days?
- 1/2 day morning
- form rings and working sessions
- final day summary presentations

Host Organizations
- need to have them formally sign up to do everything including accounting

Food / Catering
- re-usable cups -- this could also be swag that is unique to each event